George Haikal: Let's do it. Alright cool.
George Haikal: Hi, everyone! Apparently you've already heard of me. My name is Jennifer Lowe was from the cohort one year ago
George Haikal: we started March of 24,
George Haikal: know Lisa, and were just talking about this this morning, and we're like holy shit. It's been a hot minute, but I will say our coworkers talks every day.
George Haikal: and we still meet every week for paid. That's like you did that.
George Haikal: This was like the stuff that we learned from you, and then we carry it forward. So this is everything that you need to know, to like, have a successful program and to make the most of it, and to make sure that y'all are supporting each other, collaborating with each other. But yeah, culture is intentional. It doesn't just like happen, because you have an amazing program team. It happens because of you sitting in the seats.
George Haikal: Okay. So we're gonna talk a little bit about vibes. We're gonna talk about communication collaboration. These are all things that we did in our program. And then we shared with the next program and kind of facilitated ensuring that y'all are really connected. And that y'all stay connected
George Haikal: the feedback that I've heard from every Texas program that I've seen graduate over the past 15 years.
George Haikal: which is the number one value that most founders say they get from the experience is the connection with the class. Yeah, it's like all of you, especially this class in particular, because I feel like this is the most competitive program this was like out of, I mean, like, when we did program. It was like.
George Haikal: significantly more applicants. And it was way more competitive. I remember I did training committees in the last cohort, and it was like that I had to look at, but this time it was like thousands.
George Haikal: There was a lot of people. So this is very competitive, which means that everyone sitting in this room right now. Y'all are like the top 1% of all startups that went through this application process.
George Haikal: I always say it's like going to Harvard with her like Starbucks.
George Haikal: But yeah, everything you learn during this program is gonna be insane, but also like what y'all do with each other and learn from each other is like next level, and I feel like we. We can speak to this because Megan, like half the people, went under the other half like, just like start every day and then kept in touch. But like it really does matter.
George Haikal: Yes, so cohort vibes. This is a big one. I think this is actually a cool thing, because we also have met other cohorts from other programs in other cities. And I think that our cohort has the best vibes. It's him he he like make sure during the screening that y'all have to pass Vibe check. So this is like your official approval, and that you are fucking cool. Okay? So everyone's true.
George Haikal: And you just need to show up with your bad ass selves. You need to share your superpowers. I'm sure that some of y'all are technologists. I don't know where your builders, some of y'all are. Salespeople like y'all should definitely lean on each other, support each other, give each other feedback and really be transparent about it and practice vulnerability.
George Haikal: There will be a lot of sessions that we all have throughout the next 12 weeks that are very intimate, that are confidential, where you can like share, like CEO, Roundtables and Cxo round tables, and like these are opportunities for you all to really share some of the hardships and challenges that you've experienced in your Co. In your in building a company.
George Haikal: because nobody really understands it. The way that we do right.
George Haikal: Communication. This is another big one, so y'all should agree on like how you want to communicate. You are 2 days in, so I'm sure that you probably haven't really thought through all of this stuff, but like there are so many ways that we're all corresponding with each other, especially as we move into the
George Haikal: second part of the program where it's remote. But like they're gonna be having the zoom calls, they're gonna be emailing each other and text each other, and Boxer and Facebooking. And so like, just agree like, how you'll want to communicate. Yeah. So this is how our cohort chose to communicate. So everything related to the program, like any type of like project, notes or feedback, or all that stuff went into face camp.
George Haikal: And then anytime we needed to like that call, you know, it was sponsor. So like, you know, it's basically only accessible by a boxer. It's kind of like.
George Haikal: But he will respond, and if you text him he will not respond. So we just did Whatsapp and I will say, like, we started a community. And then we had, like the full community program. And then we had like very specific founders, because I think we had 20. We had 52 people in our program. It was a lot.
George Haikal: but like 15 of us in the bigger, I don't know about y'all, but
George Haikal: during the day try to meet up with each other. We have like a fundraising channel which we still actually use. Like, right now, it's a lot of fundraising. And then we also did a book club which we use. And then we also added one after the program ended, which was like techstars chat with the techstar staff.
George Haikal: And so like, if we want to talk to them. They're not in our channels like listening to us or watching us, but it's a separate channel specifically, for, like Neil and Chloe, to chime in if they ever have
George Haikal: basically okay, collaboration. I highly recommend sharing your resources. This was something that we didn't do, I think, during startups. But was that we all did during techstars. People would have to miss meetings because of client meetings, or because they had a doctor's appointment, or had to pick up their kids, or whatever it might be, and I think, like anytime you absolutely have to miss a workshop
George Haikal: like support each other and give each other notes, and like, make sure you go back to watch the recordings. Because I think
George Haikal: I feel like every single workshop we did was useful in some way right. It's like what you get out of it when you put into it. But like nothing was like
George Haikal: some of our workshops were like. But no, there's like they're really intentional about who they choose for every workshop, every founder that they pull out of their network to like host a session on like mental wellness or on co-founder, you know, negotiations, or whatever, like every single session, is so so useful.
George Haikal: so share it with each other. I think like, because just to build on what you're saying right now, like, I think there have been programs where people have felt differently than how you're speaking right and early, some people within it, and the notions that like hold up the mirror like, ask yourself like, did you do the due diligence necessary to like that whether you should have been present at that workshop personally and exactly. You did show up. Did you do what was necessary to extract what you wanted to get out of it.
George Haikal: So it's a 2 way street. It's not just us feeding you. It's making sure you order the right thing.
George Haikal: Yeah, I will say, like.
George Haikal: Okay, so this is like, not 5 stars. But I went went so back to school. I got my executive Mba. From Berkeley, and I was thinking, like everyone like very down to Earth and like change makers of the world. I just like had this idea in my mind that, like, there's just gonna be like all these new.
George Haikal: And they totally weren't. There were like so many huge bad ego like could care less about their class days. And it was really shitty, and they were like going to classes being like, why is this professor teaching me? They don't even know what they're talking about? They're like Nobel Prize. Okay, like this is the fucking audacity of these people.
George Haikal: But I will say that Neil tends to choose. They tend to be very like Low ego. They tend to have growth mindsets like, there's a reason why you're here. You're probably not a douche. You're probably really open to learning, and if you're open to learning. And if you're open to like getting really candid feedback on how to make the most of this, like, you're going to be fine, and you're going to make the most of this. But, like, if you're a long time person that's like.
George Haikal: I don't need any of this like.
George Haikal: don't think so, either. Our cohort was 24 starts and everybody was
George Haikal: legit. Okay? So just a few things for engagement, like definitely engagement workshops and really good feedback, because they do take it, and they like improve every year. There's gonna be weekly eir meetings, entrepreneur, residency
George Haikal: and month 2. Yes, and these are really helpful, like we have. They bring, like the best of the best to come, help you through your entrepreneurial journey, and you talk through like challenges with them, and these are people that are former founders that have been there done that, and then have had successful exits like for us. One of our
George Haikal: cirs with Sax Tupkin, who started cards against humanity, which, like I fucking love. And he was like such a great entrepreneur residence, and really helped us kind of talk through our decision making as we're going through our so just like heads up, this is really really important.
George Haikal: You also weekly Kpi meetings which I actually really like because you start in person together, and you like, get the muscle of like doing it together, and then when you start to go remote, then you do it weekly over zoom, and like we have carried that forward. So like every week, we have weekly instead of an hour and a half, we do like 30 min, and then sometimes we run long, but, like every week someone from our corporate will show up and we give each other feedback.
George Haikal: We also have biweekly share outs that y'all will do. There will be so many workshops, I swear to. God can go to 60.
George Haikal: I think I counted because I was like this seems so crazy. I took notes for every session, but I think it was 60 workshops over 12 weeks, which is like a lot, anyways. And there's also gonna be ongoing like definitely stay connected and make most of it, because you will have so many opportunities to meet up with each other, support each other to give each other work handoffs and also attend like.
George Haikal: yeah. So the power of tech start in this cohort is only as good as how strong your bonds are. And it really does make the biggest difference.
George Haikal: Okay and handy building.
George Haikal: If you haven't already, I would say, like somebody create a contact sheet just so that y'all can like have each other's information like these were just like some random things that we put together like, do you want to be added to a mailing list. Do you want to share your home account or your birthday? But like that, we don't actually birthday? But I like the things that we thought so. If y'all wanted to like
George Haikal: have a cohort product sheet definitely recommend, and then also, like somebody like somebody should
George Haikal: you know what I mean, because, like otherwise, we have like 5 people fighting for. Well, I don't know if you have a section about this, but, like you.
George Haikal: you took the bull by the horns right away. So there's usually somebody who emerges in a group that's willing to lead the leaders right? So you have to figure out who that is. And then.
George Haikal: okay, yeah, someone has to lead the leaders. Yeah. And then, even like, amongst all of the other like leaders, these are some recommendations we had like a social chair. This was like there was 2 of us, and he just co-chaired all these fun activities.
George Haikal: Burhan was my Co. Chair for the social committee, even though, like he's like 20, something years old.
George Haikal: and he was like rain changing. And he planned all like Major Rangers. I feel like. He went to some of them, probably, and then he went out to clubs and whatnot. I'm fucking old. So yes, I also. We've hunger nights. We did some wine tasting like nice dinners, so like it was, you know, getting in, but highly recommend. If you're like a party planner or your foodie, or if you're like a community builder like
George Haikal: somebody, step up to do this because this is the shit where, like outside of the fucking chaos of like this program you have time to like, learn about each other's lives and hobbies and families.
George Haikal: There's also not. There has to be a hype like our head was like Vincent. And like, I think you're gonna be okay. So much energy like you need somebody that's gonna like, bring the energy, because otherwise it's gonna be really quiet.
George Haikal: And the other person that I highly recommend or like just all of y'all in general is like, don't be afraid to like
George Haikal: call people out, because there's always gonna be the person who is like
George Haikal: that guy. We had 2 of them, and they were really popular.
George Haikal: But you know, you know, the person always rambling on.
George Haikal: you know, in class, right? But there's always that one person, and someone just needs to be like, Shut the fuck up. Okay, so like, don't be afraid to just call it out
George Haikal: and then, also, during our program, this is just like a fun little recap of our program. But we had a great opportunity to build so many new friendships. You're gonna meet Alex later today. He's my fundraising, buddy. Yeah. And we had a lot of late nights out.
George Haikal: and then, later on, she was one of our 1st customers.
George Haikal: but also just like side note, we all love drinks. So if y'all are buying a great TV bar.
George Haikal: It's really sad. There's also like a lot of cowork appreciation. We had, like a few very style stylish people in our cohort. I'm not one of them, but like my cohort is. And George was, and so they always like showed up in like the most epic outfits.
George Haikal: We played a lot of poker. This was me winning 2,000.
George Haikal: You won every single time you played, but this was a big one, because I won with a royal flush. That's true. I have no fucking idea. It was insane, and I was very drunk. That actually happened with one hand.
George Haikal: and then I said it all alcohol, nothing. I want just the pleasure of being in everyone's.
George Haikal: And then we also got to meet each other's families, which is really cool.
George Haikal: I think, like his wife came from
George Haikal: London, and she was here for a week, and it was super cool to see his family, and then, like freaking snow, moved here. And he's like little Kid is so cute. And yeah. And then his husband, like it was just so cool to like
George Haikal: meet each other's families, and like really get to know each other, and like honestly, like the start journey, like y'all, are going to be here for each other, but also, like your counterparts, your your partners, your family. They're like your second support system. And when you all know each other, it's just it. Just really.
George Haikal: Yeah. Like, I remember Demo Day, like Dan's husband, Ethan, like, got me this cute little like Fortune Cookie, or the Fortune Cookie Factory, and like he wrote a little note there for me like fresh it at Demo Day. And it's really sweet. And now we like still are trying to find out time to like visit.
George Haikal: But yeah. Oh, this is what he wrote. You've got this that was really sweet.
George Haikal: But yeah, Demo day is big day. It's not gonna be like, you know, the feel like, be prepared for pitch day and like whole thing. But this is more like a full blown production. It's high quality production. They like film you. They film either your pitch and your video and like you use that to start to investors.
George Haikal: So like, I sent our Demo day video out to so many investors over the course of the last 6 months, and have had, like over a hundred views already, just like trying to get our brand recognition out there.
George Haikal: But ultimately we just we have so much appreciation for our tech starts team, really. Oh.
George Haikal: we found this local artist, and we had that him like hand paint all of the staff for the new office. So it's really cool, but also like Neil, if you don't know, like he writes, really tiny, and he has like a miniature. And so I found this like tiny little painter set. And it's literally this big. So it's like a little baby.
George Haikal: And then I like outsource from the crew, just initial advice from techstars on cohort
George Haikal: hot tanks. So definitely have someone who's gonna like bring the energy and bring everyone together and
George Haikal: keep everyone moving forward. The Whatsapp group
George Haikal: definitely keep like, do someone like that? Whoever is, gonna do that, too? And then the CEO with 6 sessions like those are weekly, or
George Haikal: but either way it's like the only. So the feedback we got last program from San Francisco was that they wanted more frequency. We dialed back to every other week with your class
George Haikal: when we did in for San Francisco, and then so we'll have you guys do it every week, and if you need to dial it back, we're we're we always take feedback and try to make.
George Haikal: These sessions are so helpful and actually like since graduating from the program, like we still every once in a while, have, like very last minute, like I need a CEO session. Because, like, I think
George Haikal: I don't know like there's certain things like as a CEO. You don't necessarily want to talk to your Cmo. Or CTO, or whatever vice versa, and vice versa, like, you know, and I think perfect. And I think you know, when you're going through separations or challenges team challenges or whatnot like, it's so helpful to have your CEO group be there for you to like, talk through these things, and not feel like judged, or whatever or they like, understand
George Haikal: focus on the program. I'm sure that a lot of you are building right now.
George Haikal: You're gonna have your Jtv interviews. You're gonna have a lot of like feedback sessions and like make be present and like, make the most of this time because
George Haikal: it's gonna fly by, and if you like, there were a few people that were like taking calls, because there's it's always awkward when you have people who have expectations of what value they want to get.
George Haikal: But then they don't show up to get the value. And then again, one or 2 dudes that were always like on calls, and it was like dude. What the fuck. Do you need to be on a call for like reschedule it, or move it around, or whatever it's not like you have like back to back to back to back session. Right? So it's okay to discuss.
George Haikal: Let's see, though.
George Haikal: Okay, what else? Number one? Most impactful answer for question 2 is, oh, have a jail on your batch. You need to have someone that's gonna like bring people together for real
George Haikal: Oh, seriously, take copious notes about planning gear runs poker. All the things like have as much fun as possible. I feel like the last cowork we were like, not drinkers, which is okay, but they just didn't have as much fun as we did. We had a lot of fun not to say that you had to drink that fun, but they like they were so calm.
George Haikal: What's your like? Every room has a different vibe. So be yourself. Do whatever you're comfortable with. You. Don't have to do more than what you're comfortable doing. I will say the last program we did the Tyler retreat, and like 1 15,
George Haikal: you know, like, All right. Well.
George Haikal: time to run. Yeah. So we went out.
George Haikal: Can't come this time.
George Haikal: It's the 1st time we're ever inviting. If you elected.
George Haikal: I know I'm really bummed. But anyways.
George Haikal: so just to be clear. The people you see in this photo. They all fit in the house that we're going to
George Haikal: like 15.
George Haikal: Y'all have any questions.
George Haikal: Yeah. I also forgot to take my adderall today. So I'm like all over the place.
George Haikal: So you get general, only the next 5 min.
George Haikal: Yeah.
George Haikal: yeah, what was your approach to really meet all these. Yeah, I mean, I feel like, because you have these like weekly Eir meetings. And you literally are reviewing your milestones and like goal setting with the tech team.
George Haikal: And then, like every week monitoring how you're tracking towards that. It was like, I love discussions
George Haikal: because you have it with your small group like, let's just say it's like 3 or 4 of you from different companies. And so you have, like an external perspective, always kind of like in the know of your business, and like, when you're not hitting your milestones like people really do keep it real, and they give you feedback like there were a lot of scoring sessions where I was like, Okay, well, like, what are all the ways we can tackle this like? People would just like jump in and try to like brainstorm ideas on, like what you could do to hit your milestones.
George Haikal: because, like the ultimate goal is that we want everybody to come out. The other end successful and make money and things like
George Haikal: bye bye
George Haikal: and I think that's why we like still have our weekly Kpi meetings today, like every week, still have it, usually 3 to 4. People show up every week, not always the same people, but like.
George Haikal: Yeah, it's pretty consistent. Well, one thing that I was referring to that in my experience, because I did it for the 1st time, for this class is, you know, those goal setting things. Yeah. So I extracted those. And I put them as a separate section. Basically.
George Haikal: So I'm like, later, can we revise our role? Okay.
George Haikal: we changed our program because really, seriously, we ended up pivoting our entire like business model and product and like focus and target demographic. And to be clear, one thing we didn't say was that you were probably the most resistant to interacting with me on boxing.
George Haikal: You know the movable object and the unstoppable force type of thing, but then
George Haikal: he did. He talks through Boxer, which, like kind of drove me nuts. But I adapted. I hate Boxer because I because I am like Super Adhd. And unless I'm like looking at guys talking to you, I'm all over the place. But he listens and then takes time and thinks, and then.
George Haikal: like a reason.
George Haikal: yeah. So jobs to be done were like, no, we are gonna do this thing. And then we started doing it. We started learning all this, I think, for jobs to be done when you'll get to this session like, be open to.
George Haikal: not like whatever your business ideas today like, be open to that, not being the case in a few weeks from now, because I think it's like when you're really open to asking, like the right kind of questions, and like digging into the like
George Haikal: of your customers. Then ultimately, like the product that you come up with services come up with is like, gonna be far superior to whatever it is today. Like, I think that there's a reason why you're here, because, like you, probably incorporated revenue or pre revenue that you want here to kind of guide you to, and so just be open to your learning
George Haikal: last time that we check. Is it the same meeting, link, George, or is it a different one?
George Haikal: I'm pretty sure that. So let's pull that up now, because it's about to start in a second. But we'll hear Carlos question.